Brother, is there an explanation machine here?
I have something to do, but you have to give me the money first.
Only then can I take you there. Don't worry,
The wages of the workers here have been paid according to the registration personnel of the mine.
If you don't believe it, you can arrange for the captain of the bank of humanity.
Thank you, boss. I'll go find someone together.
With your captain. Brother, from now on,
Tell your brothers to collapse the letter and try to put it in your stomach.
We don't pay line workers a penny in wages.
Come in
Just go and get busy first
Xinkai Holdings’ materials
It's always been a piece of cake. It's about to turn green.
You own this mining case